hey movie lovers i'm your host patrick
and this time
we're covering a 2021 thai horror film
called
the ghost lab in a huge hall full of
audience
two men get ready to deliver a speech
the narrator defines how the audience's
beliefs about afterlife
and ghosts will be challenged by them
but that intro
two guys walk on stage and are ready to
present their perspective
the scene then shifts where one of the
men chiwi is woken up with a start
and is scared to death upon the sight of
human dummies that were placed in its
room as a prank
outside at the reception the surgeon dr
gla arjong
and nurses laugh at his scream as we
walks out
they joke and mock his hilarious
reaction in the meantime another
nurse arrives and informs them about the
case from last night
a third degree burned suicide victim all
of his body was burned
and his head was bashed open he was in
extreme pain and agony and couldn't
survive
later we sits beside his unconscious
mother he talks to her as glass stands
at the door
and watches him my glass girlfriend
arrives
he informs her that wee's mother has
been here for seven or eight years
that evening the night guard is on duty
he's checking the halls and corridors
and passes by the morgue just as he's
about to walk away
he hears the door creek open the color
leaves his face
as he witnesses a shadow moving around
the corner he goes to see it and as his
eyes fall upon the scene
he's petrified in the interim we and
glenn
are getting snacks from the vending
machine as glad turns around he's frozen
in his place and points we to the
waiting area where a black figure is
standing
it can be seen twisting itself forward
and backward gla
approaches it and we tries to take the
picture of the ghost
just as the camera flashes the ghost
with the mutilated head and burnt face
lunges at wii he slips back and falls
down
glad runs to him and the ghost
disappears the next morning
we tries to justify the incident by
calling it hallucination
as he has no belief in the existence of
ghosts but glenn
insists upon the fact that ghosts are
real
to prove his point glad takes we to an
old medical house
where he shows him a camera-free space
he has acquired for his research
he reveals that he's researching ghosts
we is shown all the evidence and glare
elaborates a personal incident
when glam was in second grade his dad
passed away
one night he goes downstairs and
experiences a paranormal activity
as he was about to go back to his room
upstairs he witnessed his dad's ghost
since that time glass determination to
prove the existence of ghost is adamant
we decide to join in the research both
of them start recording their progress
and tell how their research will be
published in a prolific magazine
the experiment later glam puts forward
all his data
of 5 years where he interviewed all the
persons who cited ghosts
he performed superstitious rituals but
he didn't witness any ghosts
since last night so they move on with
their research and try to devise
solutions
to present the ghost to the public next
night as they sit by the vending machine
black claims that there are invisible
ghosts as well called poltergeist
he then shows a cctv video of the
hospital
where a wheelchair can be seen moving
all by itself the lifts are being used
and stuff keeps getting thrown around
that night they both go to a section of
the hospital with thermographic cameras
they witness the moving wheelchairs in
the records area also
the files get thrown and cabinets are
moved the camera shown the very low
temperature entity in their vicinity
they record all of it but glass says
they need solid proof
next day gla loses his focus while
performing a surgery
and accidentally inflicts a lethal cut
to the patient intensive bleeding
follows and everybody tries to handle
the emergency
later namo the senior doctor scolds glad
for his incompetent and reckless
behavior
later he meets mai and she tells him
that they have to postpone their trip as
she leaves
la gets a text from we to meet him
immediately when he gets there
we present him with an idea he explains
as everything can be classified into
categories
so can be done with ghosts we classifies
them into known and unknown ghosts
they both decide it's a better option to
focus on the known ghosts
the ghosts of any loved ones for this
purpose glad
tries to develop a relationship with a
cancer patient who's at the deathbed
and single afterwards as they're
discussing the proposition
we get the news that this mother's life
is in danger the doctor tells him she
was without oxygen for seven minutes
he later sits at her side holding her
hands after consideration
we decide to free her from her misery he
takes off her oxygen mask
and gradually her heart stops and she
departs
that night they both expect to meet the
ghost of wee's mother
gla installs a camera at some hour of
the night
we wakes up and senses something by the
open window it's his mother's ghost
she's crying and trying to say something
but he can't hear anything
just as he approaches the window her
ghost vanishes
later we collects everything from the
room and he's doubtful whether it was a
wise decision to let her go
he condemns himself for her grief that
he saw on her face
he records his outlook on the incident
afterwards
he gets the illuminating stars which
were previously above his mother's bed
and sticks them on the ceiling but one
by one every star falls down
the next day we comes to glad with an
insane idea
he puts forward a deal where he will
commit suicide
and his ghost will come and assist glad
in his research glad
is furious with the idea and calls it
insane
we convinced him that there is no other
way to take on this research
they flip a coin to the side and the one
who comes up gets to die
the results are in wii's favor he then
explains to glad how he has planned
everything
he'll write a suicide note and how they
will cater the forensics
glass is deeply remorseful at the
decision during the night
has glass with mai he keeps thinking
about how unfair it is that his friend
gets to die for research
later glam meets we at the research
center wee is recording how he's going
to cross over
and dr arjun will conduct the research
in real life
after their share of final words gala
goes outside and waits as we takes out
the revolver and puts it in his mouth
just as he's about to pull the trigger
he gets a flashback of everything
him as a kid with his mother his early
life his friendship with gla
all the happy moments and at the end he
finally hears his mother's spirit speak
to him
she's in tears and exclaims honey what
are you doing that immediately snaps him
out of it
and he cries glad comes in and we admits
that he cannot do this
in the very next moment without any
hesitation glad puts a revolver up his
mouth
says he'll come back winks and shoots
himself the next scene shows we
presenting himself
and gla in front of a huge audience he
explains how he went through the
research and accomplished it
from the audience mai comes up the stage
calls we a murderer and commits suicide
right there on the stage the next moment
we wakes up abruptly
and gets a sign of relief as it was a
bad dream he's in a devastated state as
91 days have passed
and there's no contact from glass side
we goes to see glass mother where she
explains how the monks have declared his
death impure
and she is desperately trying to make it
peaceful for him we also meet smai
who is in pain upon his demise after
seeing everyone's condition
we goes to the rooftop and tries to take
his own life as he lets
himself go off the parapet he's suddenly
grabbed by some entity
he's thrown back on the floor and he
screams in the light
as he senses it was glass spirit who
saved them he runs to the lab and starts
analyzing every aspect he deduces that
if he puts himself in danger
the energy of glass spirit will be
boosted and he'll
show presents for the test he tries to
cut down his finger
but the apparatus gets thrown away and
his hand is saved
he laughs in triumph upon the success of
his hypotheses
as he's rejoicing he hears words being
typed on his laptop the next morning
he concludes that glack cannot see other
ghosts but his presence is only
prominent around we
he later comes to the decision if glass
power is boosted properly
he can make him appear but the spirit
considers it weird
and gives an indication about beach
later we visit glass place
and observes a picture of his family on
a beach he asks on joy glass mother
about it she identifies it as a glass
hometown as they said
we tells on joy about glass spirit and
how he may still be around as a
wondering ghost
talking about him makes her tearful
glass sister finds it unsettling and
requests we
to leave as he's about to get up he gets
a note on his phone type
ka kai he describes it to aunt joy and
in reply
she asks him to stay for dinner we is
then served kakai
a chicken curry aunt joy tells him it
was glass favorite
and how he wanted her to open a
restaurant for it we says the same thing
and she is satisfied with everything as
she senses it was what glad tried to
convey
on the way back we gets the message that
it's enough and it should not proceed
any further
and glass spirit goes away we takes no
hint and to make him come back
puts himself in danger again by trying
to cut his finger
unfortunately this time he isn't saved
and his finger is cut off
after getting surgery he leaves the
hospital and on his way
meets mai she inquires about glass red
laptop we replies that he has no idea
later as he goes up in his lab he cannot
find the red laptop anywhere
because mai took it earlier he runs off
to mai's condo to retrieve the laptop
she hesitantly lets him in
he pretends he doesn't know the password
and he can take it to a friend to get it
unlocked he doesn't allow that
and blames him for lying they get in an
argument and mai breaks down
she admits how she's been unaware of
everything as we consult
her the laptop opens by itself and the
whole research starts popping up
all the videos start playing and they
stop where glass shot himself
we instantly closes the lid and leaves
with the laptop
on his way down the lift starts
malfunctioning he receives notes on his
phone
tell her the truth in extreme events
start to happen
the lift drops and free falls and gets
stuck on the 13th floor
we tries to escape but almost gets stuck
in it
later that night we calls mai to the lab
and gets her drugged
he starts recording and tries to enclose
my suddenly
the laptop shows an angry response from
glass spirit
we continues to invoke glass negative
emotions by assaulting mai
the lights shatter as soon as he rips
her cardigan we laughs menacingly
and starts to molest mai but is thrown
back at once
he then witnesses glass legs under the
whiteboard but instead of appearing
gla inflicts utmost punishment on we he
throws him out
pounds him in the walls and finally lets
him off the edge of the top floor
down on the ground we tumbles down 50
feet and breaks his leg
he tries to record himself getting
beaten but gets knocked out
he wakes up later in the morgue beside
glass body
as he gets up he watches in horror as
glass dead body rises
the corpse grabs him by the collar and
tosses him into the stands
wee's leg gets horribly deformed glass
corpse then attacks him and strangles
him to death
later we finds himself in a daze as he
looks around
glack comes to vision and talks about
how the limits have been crossed he
claims that enough people have been hurt
because of him
evil deeds have been done and everything
must stop
he then fades away and we comes back to
reality
where he sees himself getting revived by
gla we lives
and gets treatment at the hospital he's
relieved of his duty
as practicing doctor due to his
uncertain nature
when he recovers he sends the research
to the magazine
but the experiment rejects it we reasons
that even if everything gets ruined
one still learns something from it
afterwards he meets mai and returns her
the laptop
he also apologizes to her for the other
night she waves it away and tells we a
dream she had that night
mai and glam were both at the beach with
northern lights on the horizons
glam was beaming and he held a copy of
the experiment
with a photo of we and himself on the
cover mai admitted her satisfaction
upon the fact that gala was happy and at
peace
the movie concludes with a lesson on how
valuable life is
glenn remarks that we still has a chance
to live it for both of them
we is seen deleting the research folder
from the laptop and he finally finds
solace and makes peace with himself drop
a comment below letting me know how you
found the video
make sure to like subscribe and ring the
notification bell
thanks for watching guys